well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about solutions at least how to get to
some solutions now people talk about the
videos I've noticed a lot lately
like there's just so much doom and gloom
in the world there is the first step is
identifying problem and understand tens
of thousands of people watch that video
and maybe ten got an idea
ten got an original idea something
they're gonna put into action that's
enough that's enough you know we go
through our daily lives and we are beset
by doom and gloom all the time everyday
environmental degradation flashes of
conflict in ten second clips seeing the
brass fly through the air Phil good
stories on the nightly news that if you
stop to think about them for even a
split second just makes you realize how
bad things are corruption at the highest
level just seems overwhelming seems like
there's nothing we can do
so we go about our day fooling ourselves
that next person that next one that's
gonna be the one to fix it I have some
bad news for you
statistically speaking the next
president is probably gonna be pretty
bad too
think about it how many good presidents
can you name for five so we got about a
90% chance that the next president is
gonna be pretty bad probably not as bad
as this guy but probably pretty bad it's
not really their fault though can't
really lead from the White House can't
you can rule from there problem has at
this point in time we don't need rulers
we need leaders and every one of us is a
leader in our own way every one of us
has something we're bringing to the
table a problem we can solve we have
everything we need it's us it's us I
know it sounds crazy but thanks to the
people on patreon I'm gonna prove it got
the equipment to take the podcast to the
level that I want it which is bringing
guests and talking talking and tonight I
drew up the list of the people on
they'll be reaching out to first there's
a PhD there's a high school dropout
there's a radical leftist here in the
United States and a comic book creator
a former adult actress a CIA
whistleblower a pastor a videographer a
yoga instructor very backgrounds just
people talking about today's issues
discussing looking for solutions not
debating hoping to win points because as
overwhelming as all of this seems it's
us it's us the individuals down here on
the bottom the commoners that are going
to solve it we have the machinery for
change for real change in the United
States all we have to do is come
together anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night